ROX-19800: Update VM reporting section for 4.3 (#67362)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management20-configure-report-delivery-destinations-schedule.adoc

> You can optionally configure destinations for vulnerability reports and set up a schedule for delivery.

Reviewer: I would maybe replace this with:

"Configuring destinations and delivery schedules for vulnerability reports is optional, unless you have included CVEs that were discovered since the last scheduled report. If you have included CVEs that were discovered since the last scheduled report, configuring destinations and delivery schedules for vulnerability reports is required."

Author: Good suggestion - changed slightly to reflect that it's an option they choose that makes these fields required.

.Procedure

> . To configure destinations for delivery, in the *Create report* window, under *Configure delivery destinations*, you can add a delivery destination and set up a schedule for reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To configure destinations for delivery you can add a delivery destination and set up a schedule for reporting by using the *Configure delivery destinations* section in the *Create report* window.
```
Not sure the best way to rewrite but have added a suggestion to get away from using "under"

+
[NOTE]
====
If you chose to include CVEs that were discovered since the last scheduled report, you must configure a delivery destination and schedule. Otherwise, the delivery destination and schedule are optional.

> ====

Reviewer: I would make this note part of the abstract of this section instead, since previously it says "You can optionally configure..."
